CLOUDP-208614: Document PR fixes for release (#1210)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes: docs/dev/release.md

For this PR the sources are copied from the `community-operators` folder instead of the one where the `mongodb-atlas-kubernetes` resides.

> Invoke with <version> like `1.0.0` (never use the `v` prefix here, just the plain SEMVER version `x.y.z`):

Reviewer: curiosity question: why no `v` prefix? (formatting?)

Author: I made that mistake myself in a PR for version 1.9.1 and that breaks the diff. The v prefix is used at some places (maybe git tags/branches) but not in others (like docker tags) so the code will put it for you where applicable, but if you added it, you break the process as it is designed now.

Then go the GitHub and create a PR
from the `mongodb-fork` repository to https://github.com/redhat-openshift-ecosystem/certified-operators (`origin`).

Before posting the PR there are manual changes you need to make:

1. Ensure to add the `quay.io/` prefix in all Operator image references.

> 1. Add missing a `com.redhat.openshift.versions: "v4.8"` line at the end of `metadata/annotations.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a missing `com.redhat.openshift.versions: "v4.8"` line at the end of `metadata/annotations.yaml`.
```

Reviewer: curiosity question: why OpenShift 4.8?

Author: Not sure on why that one version in particular, maybe @igor-karpukhin can shed some light here

> 1. Ensure all image references, including `containerImage`, do NOT use the version *tag*. They **should only use the SHA of the AMD image**, NEVER the multi arch SHA.

Reviewer: curiosity question: what is the reasoning behind only hashing the AMD image?

Author: We do not only hash the AMD image, but this certified PR only knows about actual direct images, not multi arch references. So when an image needs to be specified we chose the AMD one by default.

The per arch images are specified in the `spec.relatedImages` as I will explain later.

> 1. Add missing `spec.relatedImages` section in certified pinning all the images per architecture.

Reviewer: What is "certified pinning" and what content shoidl `relatedImages` have?

Author: Yeah that wording is not very clear I will revisit it...

This is an example of ´relatedImages´:

´´´yaml
spec:
  relatedImages:
    - name: mongodb-atlas-kubernetes-operator-arm64
      image: quay.io/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes-operator@sha256:f13541f1d63c9f9b959cad82823fcc9aeb9ac50f94339f0ce606affbccf1c4d0
    - name: mongodb-atlas-kubernetes-operator-amd64
      image: quay.io/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes-operator@sha256:ec4cb2fc9e32c88a7372be51971a5e24a1c87251f68269423e553e2febf9d4eb
´´´

Basically certified does not seem to understand multi-arch images, so you need to specify each of the hashes of each of the architectures you support here. Elsewhere, when a single image ref is required, we tend to use the AMD one by default.

> 1. Add missing `spec.relatedImages` section in certified pinning all the images per architecture.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add the missing`spec.relatedImages` section in `manifests/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes.clusterserviceversion.yaml`, to pin all the images per architecture.
```
